feat: Status Field Migration for GitHub Cloud (#405)
timrogers/gh-migrate-project: README.md

    --skip-update-check
```

Watch out for `warn` lines in the logs, which will let you know about data which hasn't been imported.

## Limitations

> ### Automatic `Status` field migration to GitHub Enterprise Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Migrating a `Status` field with custom options to GitHub Enterprise Server requires manul steps
```

> Due to limitations of the GitHub Enterprise Server GraphQL API, automatic migration of `Status` field is not supported for imports against GitHub Enterprise Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to limitations of the GitHub Enterprise Server GraphQL API, automatic migration of the `Status` field is not supported for imports to GitHub Enterprise Server if the `Status` field has custom options configured.
```

> Due to this limitation, the tool will ask you to manually set up your options for the "Status" field before starting the import if the target is GitHub Enterprise Server. It will explain exactly what to do, and will validate that you've correctly copied the options from your migration source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to this limitation, the tool will ask you to manually set up your options for the "Status" field mid-way through the import if the target is GitHub Enterprise Server. It will explain exactly what to do, and will validate that you've correctly copied the options from your migration source.
```
